add mark_step between fwd and bwd for better performance (#189)
huggingface/optimum-habana: docs/source/usage_guides/accelerate_training.mdx

]
```

## Pipelining forward and backward passes

> There are two stages when running models on Habana HPU: python code interpretation and HPU recipe computation. The HPU computation stage could be triggered by invoking `mark_step()` or when the copy to the CPU is requested, and generally there is a `mark_step()` after `loss.backward()` to pipelining the CPU code interpretation and HPU recipe computation see the following illustration:

Author: done

```
CPU:...forward + backward   ...optimizer  ...forward + backward   ...optimizer  ...
HPU:........................forward + backward...optimizer......forward + backward...optimizer
```

> But when the time cost of HPU computation is less than the CPU code interpretation, which means CPU code interpretation is the bottleneck, and the HPU computation can not be triggered untill long time cost of CPU code interpretation. So one potential optimization for such kind of case is adding an addtianal `mark_step()` after CPU forward before CPU backward, see bellow, to pipelining CPU backward code interpretation and device forward computation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when CPU code interpretation takes longer than HPU computation, it becomes the bottleneck and HPU computation can not be triggered until CPU code interpretation is done. So one potential optimization for such cases is to trigger the HPU *forward* computation right after the CPU *forward* interpretation and before the CPU *backward* interpretation. You can see an example below where the CPU *backward* interpretation overlaps with the HPU *forward* computation:
```

Author: done

```
CPU:...forward   ...backward   ...optimizer  ...forward   ...backward   ...optimizer   ...
HPU:.............forward.......backward......optimizer......forward.....backward.......optimizer
```

> To enable this optimization just setting training argument `--pipelining_fwd_bwd True`.

Author: done

> ### Limitation

Author: done

> - when running models on Habana Gaudi2, we suggest to enable this feature because Gaudi2 is faster than Gaudi1.

Author: done

> - when running models that requires large device memory, we suggest to disable this optimization, because this optimization will increase the HPU memory usage.

Author: done
